hi everyone is staying at the picket
fence green house and Gardens I'm
standing in front of evolution salvia
now we're in September this is September
9th 2011 and this stuff is blooming like
crazy
actually this stuff blooms all summer in
heat in Sun doesn't matter I have hardly
done anything to these plants i watered
a couple times to get them going and
we've had sufficient rains but look at
them just a beautiful beautiful plant
and try to get a little bit closer the
butterflies I'm in the evening so I
don't know if they'll be very many
butterflies right now but the bugs the
bees and the butterflies love this plant
and I'm gonna try to get a little closer
and you can see how pretty and detailed
the blooms are really really have to
plant this one every year I really do it
handles our our area very well it does
very good in our climate where it's very
very hot
we had some hot summers and I'm just
very pleased with it so this is the
evolution salvia there's a lot of
salvias on the market this one I have
found that I really enjoy thoroughly in
my landscape and you know if you're
looking for something that can stand the
heat and the Sun and blooms all summer
you might want to try this evolution
salvia okay hi babe
Rocsi even likes it out here let's let
you to view the flowers for a little bit
Diana picket-fence screen I'm so glad
you stopped by today if you love what
you see in it all just comment and race
this video
and that'd be great